Section 1: The Company, Concept, and Products/Services
	A. The Company and the Concept
		i. Embrace is an LLC, formed by four partners: Gabe, Jun, Ian, and Ryan. Based in San Diego, started in the fall of 2016.
		ii. History:
			a. Jun and Gabe met at UCSD. Created first project (name) and submitted to (competitions). 
			b. Family member injured due to fall (details)
			c. Modify original concept to create Libra
			d. Moved in with Ian and Ryan
			e. Developed software, boards, network, server/client side, prototyping, production.
			f. Libra has been in (what competitions, received what money, been featured in what magazines).
			g. Mission of Libra: promote wellbeing in old people by predicting fall risk and intervening to prevent injury
		iii. Unique Value Proposition:
			a. Fall risk prevention and intervention
			b. Value directly to User as well as Care Provider:
				i. User - better health, fewer injuries, and peace of mind
				ii. Care Provider - lower risk and increased predictability
	B. The Product and Service Mix
		i. Libra: PRIMARY: a wearable motion sensor that predicts fall risk in seniors from 6-24 months in advance, and recommends intervention techniques and services.
			SECONDARY: app service, with metrics for users interested in gait, walking time, activity, etc.
      Brochure attached
      MEASURE PREDICT PREVENT
    ii. Maps movement to established medical literature regarding gait disorders and falling. Specifically modelled on FallProof by Dr Rose. Extracts activities and metrics about stand-sit, turning, walking, balance, symmetry, strength and power. Mobility time-series data to diagnosis to intervention.
    iii. Unique feature: RISK PREVENTION, activity extraction
      a. COMPARISON TO CURRENT MARKET... spire, fitbit. what are there limitations? Is there a european version of libra in development?
      b. nothing in US does what embrace does. Yet.
    iv. DRAWBACKS:
      a. 3 to 6 months for many of the predictive metrics. Q: Are there any informative metrics right off the back? Perhaps symmetry? Power in sit-stand/stand-sit? For CCRC, not a problem as much.
      b. Mistaken for fitbit
      c. Limited market (CCRC's and old folks)
      d. Possible to do all of this with a phone?
    v. HEADSTARTS
      a. First on the market
      b. Patenting nx10 device with activity extraction
      c. CCRC commitments
      d. Dr Rose expertise
      e. Connections in the community
    vi. Expansion past Libra
      a. Prediction of other illnesses
      b. Use as an activity tracker
  C. MARKET ENTRY
    i. How and where to enter market
      a. CCRC's first. Direct incentive to reduce risk. Commitment from 3 already, translatable to $120,000 in revenue
      b. Expansion beyond California CCRC. Direct contact via phone marketing, email marketing campaign. More importantly - word of mouth from CCRC and cross-state conglomerates.
      c. After initiation of CCRC campaign, mass digital marketing campaign for direct-to-consumer market. Independent living communities, AARP
      d. Post-FDA approval, via insurance companies.
    ii. Five-year vision (NEEDS FLESHING OUT)
      a. 80% CCRC's in California on annual plan. ($360,000 revenue).
      b. 20% national CCRC market ($2,000,000 revenue). Based on approx 300 CCRC, at $40,000/yr
      c. WHAT IS PROJECTION OF B2C MARKET?
    iii. Rate of Growth
      a. CCRC first, until market saturation.
      b. Rate of growth in B2C market comparable to what? Fitbit? no..... ANSWER THIS
      c. Eventual deployment of FDA device to doctors offices and physical therapists. Insurance billing. NEED DETAILS ABOUT INSURANCE BILLING...
    iv. How to create barriers of entry for others.
      a. Patent device (3 sensors to extract activity info)
      b. FDA approval is more rigorous, gives time to corner market.
      c. Be the first one there. CCRC market is limited, it won't take long to cover entire sector.
   
Section II: The Industry Analysis
  A. Summarize the industry in which the business will operate
    i. Health Care and Social Assistance
    ii. How is it segmented?
      a. Consumer
      b. Provider
      c. Insurance company
  B. Industry size and annual growth rate:
    i. 30bn dollar industry
    ii. GROWTH RATE? FAIRLY STABLE?
    iii. Industry is growing due to retirement of baby boomers
    iv. It is becoming more tech-driven
    v. Get in now, before everyone else. Develop into SaaS to ride into the future.
  C. Structure of the industry at present
    i. HOW CONCENTRATED IS THE INDUSTRY?
    ii. COMPETITION? SPIRE? EUROPEAN COMPANIES?
    iii. Fall prevention programs, but these are not typically tech-driven, but by physical therapists.
    iv. Reactive services, less so than preventive. Life-alert
  D. Trends in the industry: (Boomers are a hugely positive issue for us)
    i. Conversion to tech-driven
    ii. Machine learning cropping up everywhere
    iii. Costs will be going up as Boomers retire. Demand increase
  E. Success Factors
    i. WHAT MADE FITBIT WORK?
    ii. Get bought out by other company
    iii. Adoption by powerhouse player
    iv. How does the success of other winners affect our strategy?
    v. Scalability
  F. Standard finantial ratios for the industry
    i. LIQUIDITY RATIO/ROI, ETC
    ii. Ratio's impact on our strategy
      a. Front heavy development
      b. CCRC allows entry into large market with minimal marketing cost
      c. Annual membership

Section III: Market Research and Analysis
  A. Define your relevant market and customer overview
    i. What is the market? 
      a. CCRC
      b. Old people
      c. Old people's kids
      d. (later) insurance providers
      e. (later) physical therapists
    ii. Demographics
      a. Upper/Middle class, urban, suburban
      b. White? (because many ethnic groups have less independent elderly?) CHECK THIS
      c. Old People
    iii. Serve more than one market? Hell yes
      a. CCRC decision makers
      b. Direct client
      c. Indirect client (adult child)
      d. Caretaker
  B. Market Size and Trends:
    i. Market size and potential in dollars. Develop a estimation method?
      a. CCRC: 300 in US. $40k annual per
      b. Old people: lots of them. $100 per. Not recurring. How many old people? What portion of them do we want to capture?
      c. (later) Insurance providers. Sell it like geico sells there good driver sensor
    ii. Key assumptions of projections. SECTION NEEDS WORK
      a. Old people will fall
      b. We can beat others to corner this market
      c. CCRC's and insurance providers will respond similarly
      d. B2C will show interest in the same product
    iii. Estimate size of primary and selective demand gaps
      a. Primary demand is greater, since this is a new-ish idea. The idea of fall prevention via technology isn't established yet
    iv. Growth potential of market.
  C. Buyer behavior
    i. who what when where and how
      a. CCRC's
